Update docs to clarify custom field API support (#1061)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/custom-fields.md

## Creating Custom Fields

> Custom fields can be created through the admin UI under Extras > Custom Fields or through the REST API.

Reviewer: In 1.2.0 custom fields have been moved out of the admin UI - we may as well get ahead of this while you're changing it anyways:

```suggestion
Custom fields can be created through the UI under Extensibility > Miscellaneous > Custom Fields or through the REST API.
```

Author: Good to know.  Thank you!
